pdb doc - workaround for double semicolon in strings (#17011)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pdb.rst

single ``;`` is not used as it is the separator for multiple commands in a line
that is passed to the Python parser.)  No intelligence is applied to separating
the commands; the input is split at the first ``;;`` pair, even if it is in the

> middle of a quoted string. To be able to use a string with double semi-colon,
> use the following workaround: ``';'';'`` or ``";"";"``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
middle of a quoted string. A workaround for strings with double semicolons
is to use implicit string concatenation ``';'';'`` or ``";"";"``.
```
